{"id":11213,"date":"2022\-07\-22T14:35:20","date\_gmt":"2022\-07\-22T14:35:20","guid":{"rendered":"https:\\/\\/staging5\.shout.com\\/?p\=11213"},"modified":"2023\-10\-19T10:42:35","modified\_gmt":"2023\-10\-19T10:42:35","slug":"marketing\-strategies\-for\-technology\-companies","status":"publish","type":"post","link":"https:\\/\\/wp\-stagesh.bugfree.co.uk\\/digital\-marketing\\/marketing\-strategies\-for\-technology\-companies\\/","title":{"rendered":"7 Marketing Strategies for Technology Companies"},"content":{"rendered":"\\n

* [Top marketing strategies for technology companies\<\\/a\>

    + [1\. Build a community\<\\/a\>\<\\/li\>
            + [2\. Print a booklet \& create an irresistible call to action\<\\/a\>\<\\/li\>
            + [3\. Create a lead generation strategy with presentation templates\<\\/a\>\<\\/li\>
            + [4\. Build a Brand for a Professional Audience\<\\/a\>\<\\/li\>
            + [5\. Create Content that Customers Want\<\\/a\>\<\\/li\>
            + [6\. Grow Your Company\\u2019s Reputation\<\\/a\>\<\\/li\>
            + [7\. Use Paid Advertising\<\\/a\>\<\\/li\>\<\\/ul\>\<\\/li\>
            + [Wrapping up\<\\/a\>\<\\/li\>\<\\/ul\>\<\\/nav\>\\n\\n\\n\\n
            Technology companies operate in a space where there are a lot of possibilities. But, with so many choices, many of these companies feel lost. \\u201cWhat\\u2019s the right strategy to go for? How can we be sure that we\\u2019re heading in the right direction?\\u201d.\<\\/p\>\\n\\n\\n\\n
            The right strategy depends on what your company needs and what resources you have. Even the most tech\-savvy companies may not know the best marketing strategy for them.\<\\/p\>\\n\\n\\n\\n
            Top marketing strategies for technology companies\<\\/h2\>\\n\\n\\n\\n
                                        ----------------------------------------------------------------------
            Here, we take a look at some different marketing strategies for technology companies.\<\\/p\>\\n\\n\\n\\n
            ### 1\. Build a community\<\\/h3\>\\n\\n\\n\\n
            The first marketing strategy for technology companies to consider is to build a community. You can build a community around your brand on social media. Every social media channel has space for a community.\<\\/p\>\\n\\n\\n\\n
            For start\-ups, a community of ideal customers is a great way to build a brand. Building a brand as a company known for great customer service is indeed the way to succeed with this strategy. This will also help you build a brand for a business audience.\<\\/p\>\\n\\n\\n\\n
            You can do this by responding to all of the questions you receive on social media. You don\\u2019t have to give detailed, step\-by\-step instructions. Instead, respond to the customer\\u2019s question and show how you take pride in your job.\<\\/p\>\\n\\n\\n\\n
            In fact, if you’re not in regular contact with your customers it may be time to review your [customer communication strategy\<\\/a\>.\<\\/p\>\\n\\n\\n\\n
            Customers are looking for ways to trust that companies are here to serve them, so showing a commitment to service will help you build a brand and a reputation as a trusted company.\<\\/p\>\\n\\n\\n\\n
            Once you’ve built a community, you’ll want to learn as much as you can about them. Specifically, those who have already purchased your product or service.\<\\/p\>\\n\\n\\n\\n
            You can do this by [creating a survey\<\\/a\> to collect all the information you’ll need, which you would then use to build buyer personas. These are an overview of different customer segments, which are your first stop when creating any marketing campaign.\<\\/p\>\\n\\n\\n\\n
            ### 2\. Print a booklet \& create an irresistible call to action\<\\/h3\>\\n\\n\\n\\n
            Number two for our suggested marketing strategies is to create an irresistible call to action. Most technology companies use the sales funnel. And that includes the [call to action\<\\/a\>.\<\\/p\>\\n\\n\\n\\n
            Why not consider getting some branded collateral designed and manufactured, whereby one of the strategies would be to create a branded booklet, that comprises your company\\u2019s branded message, product list, current specials, and so forth. Although we are deep into the digital era, there is something to be said about being able to feel something tangible within the palm of one’s hands.\<\\/p\>\\n\\n\\n\\n
            A branded booklet is something a potential customer can take with them, and refer back to when confirming product specs and pricing. The key to this branded booklet\\u2019s success is to make your call to action irresistible. [Click here to print a booklet with Helloprint\<\\/a\>.\<\\/p\>\\n\\n\\n\\n
            Coupled with creating a top\-performing CTA, is a chance to create a ProductHunt\-like site. When it comes to marketing a technology product, the best thing you can do is share it. If you can share your product, you may be able to generate more sales. That\\u2019s why a ProductHunt\-like site is so important.\<\\/p\>\\n\\n\\n\\n
            By incorporating this Hunt\-like site with a strong CTA, you\\u2019re set to get your brand noticed and customers to increase and keep coming in.\<\\/p\>\\n\\n\\n\\n
            ### 3\. Create a lead generation strategy with presentation templates\<\\/h3\>\\n\\n\\n\\n
            The next strategy is to create a lead generation strategy. When you\\u2019re a new technology company, you have to generate leads. Lead generation can take many forms. For example, you can send direct mail, [run email campaigns\<\\/a\>, or create presentations.\<\\/p\>\\n\\n\\n\\n
            You will need a method or system for qualifying leads, as this will help you focus on leads that are easier to convert.\<\\/p\>\\n\\n\\n\\n
            When it comes to creating top\-quality presentations, kick\-start the whole process by opting for some great presentation templates. The trick is to employ the use of a presentation template that fits your brand style and tone. You will be able to find a great selection of options from [this collection of stunning templates\<\\/a\>. Simply browse the catalogue and decide which template works best for you.\<\\/p\>\\n\\n\\n\\n
            The most important lead generation strategy is finding ways to generate leads from your product. You can also generate leads by attending events, and creating digital events.\<\\/p\>\\n\\n\\n\\n
            ### 4\. Build a Brand for a Professional Audience\<\\/h3\>\\n\\n\\n\\n
            For many [tech start\-ups\<\\/a\>, the goal is to build a brand for a professional audience within the business world. This includes companies whose main customers are other businesses.\<\\/p\>\\n\\n\\n\\n
            Some of the quickest ways to do this are through your [company\\u2019s website\<\\/a\> and blog. Create a blog that links back to all of your social media profiles and shares relevant content. Spend time on your website; make sure it is clear and concise. Remember that a website doesn\\u2019t have to be fancy, but it needs to be functional.\<\\/p\>\\n\\n\\n\\n
            It\\u2019s also important to keep an eye on your competitors. This will help you understand what they\\u2019re doing that customers are engaging with, which will help you decide on what to do next. You can also decide if you want to try and do something similar, or figure out a new way to stand out among your competitors.\<\\/p\>\\n\\n\\n\\n
            ### 5\. Create Content that Customers Want\<\\/h3\>\\n\\n\\n\\n
            Readers will be drawn to your brand based on its content. In particular, you want to build your brand around what your ideal customers are searching for and engaging with. [Successful technology companies\<\\/a\> often have an expert status within their industry.\<\\/p\>\\n\\n\\n\\n
            This can be done through an ongoing podcast, article, or video series. Going live on social media platforms, [conducting live podcasting sessions\<\\/a\> or even doing webinars allows brand to create hype and increases virality factor. This will help you establish your name as an authority within your industry.\<\\/p\>\\n\\n\\n\\n
            This can also be done through events where you speak to larger audiences. This can be done online or in person, but remember to use branded visuals when doing so.\<\\/p\>\\n\\n\\n\\n
            All of the above are great examples of how you can create the content that your customers are looking for, and that will add value to your brand in the long run.\<\\/p\>\\n\\n\\n\\n
            ### 6\. Grow Your Company\\u2019s Reputation\<\\/h3\>\\n\\n\\n\\n
            A great way to grow your company\\u2019s reputation is through word\-of\-mouth marketing. Perhaps one of the more under\-rated forms of ensuring quality word\-of\-mouth marketing would be to do this by ensuring that your team members are always happy and satisfied with their jobs.\<\\/p\>\\n\\n\\n\\n
            This will [help your employees build a brand\<\\/a\> that they can spread among their own networks. This will help to grow your reputation because the general consensus is that happy employees are much better than satisfied customers.\<\\/p\>\\n\\n\\n\\n
            Seeing as though technology companies face unique challenges when it comes to marketing, it\\u2019s important to dig a little deeper into the various strategies one can employ, while being mindful of the target goal for each marketing endeavor.\<\\/p\>\\n\\n\\n\\n
            In a saturated market, it\\u2019s difficult to stand out. When you\\u2019re a tech company, your product is your marketing. It\\u2019s up to you to create demand and awareness for your product. With no existing user base, you have to build a community from scratch.\<\\/p\>\\n\\n\\n\\n
            To succeed, you need to test different marketing strategies. Some strategies work better than others. But, if you take your time and test several strategies, you\\u2019ll see the results in sales, using your best\-fit strategy.\<\\/p\>\\n\\n\\n\\n
            ### 7\. Use Paid Advertising\<\\/h3\>\\n\\n\\n\\n
            The seventh marketing strategy for technology companies is to use paid advertising. Paid advertising is paid by the click and has a set cost per acquisition or impression.\<\\/p\>\\n\\n\\n\\n
            In other words, it\\u2019s money you pay to have someone click on an ad. For paid advertising, you can use social media, online publications, trade publications, and of course, the biggest avenue of all: Google. The best place to start is with Google ads. You can also use Facebook ads, Pinterest, and Instagram ads too.\<\\/p\>\\n\\n\\n\\n
            The great thing with these types of Paid Advertising avenues is that you can tailor your ad spend according to the campaigns and target phrases that are relevant to your customer\\u2019s search intentions.\<\\/p\>\\n\\n\\n\\n
            Wrapping up\<\\/h2\>\\n\\n\\n\\n
                                        --------------------------------
            Marketing technology companies can be challenging, but there are strategies that you can use to help your company grow. You just need to find what works best for your company.\<\\/p\>\\n\\n\\n\\n
            Successful marketing efforts are those that create a clear customer journey, which contains specific actions those customers can take to move on to the next step. Even your blog posts and other pieces of content should in someway help leads move through the pipeline.\<\\/p\>\\n\\n\\n\\n
            Technology companies have many challenges when it comes to marketing. And, when you\\u2019re a new company it\\u2019s especially difficult to stand out.\<\\/p\>\\n\\n\\n\\n
            As you can see, there are many marketing strategies for technology companies. It all depends on what you need to accomplish and what resources you have.\<\\/p\>\\n\\n\\n\\n
            Which one are you going to try out?\<\\/p\>\\n\\n\\n\\n
            ---
            \<\\/div\>\\n\\n\\n\\n](\"https:\/\/www.uktech.news\/partnership\/best-tech-jobs-new-parent-20220427\")](\"https:\/\/riverside.fm\/blog\/live-podcasting\")](\"https:\/\/www.uktech.news\/partnership\/kpmg-uk-tech-startups-innovators-20220427\")](\"https:\/\/wp-stagesh.bugfree.co.uk\/websites\/how-to-launch-a-new-website\/\")](\"https:\/\/www.uktech.news\/tech-hubs\/the-south-east-of-england\/london\/london-startups-ech-incorporations-2021-20220428\")](\"https:\/\/pitch.com\/templates\")](\"https:\/\/wp-stagesh.bugfree.co.uk\/email-marketing\/email-marketing-guide\/\")](\"https:\/\/www.helloprint.co.uk\/brochure-and-booklet-printing\")](\"https:\/\/wp-stagesh.bugfree.co.uk\/content-marketing\/writing-a-call-to-action-that-converts\/\")](\"https:\/\/wp-stagesh.bugfree.co.uk\/survey-maker\/\")](\"https:\/\/wp-stagesh.bugfree.co.uk\/customer-experience\/customer-communication-strategies\/\")](\"#undefined\")](\"#undefined\")](\"#undefined\")](\"#undefined\")](\"#undefined\")](\"#undefined\")](\"#undefined\")](\"#undefined\")](\"#undefined\")