---
title: "RACE Model: Improve your Digital Marketing Strategy"
description: "The RACE model (Reach, Act, Convert and Engage), is a framework for building an audience, converting leads and increasing customer loyalty."
author: "Evan"
publishDate: 2021-03-04T16:42:09.000Z
modifiedDate: 2024-03-11T12:29:46.000Z
image:
  src: "/images/2021/03/RACE-Model-Framework.png"
  alt: "RACE Model Improve your Digital Marketing Strategy"
category: "Digital Marketing"
---

The RACE model is a framework for the strategic planning of digital marketing activities or omnichannel communication plans.

The model consists of four stages, each aimed at customers in a different stage of the customer lifecycle, with the aim of building relationships and increasing customer loyalty.

It was developed by Dave Cheffey, from [Smart Insights](https://www.smartinsights.com/), to help marketers integrate digital marketing with more traditional marketing activities.

What does RACE stand for?
-------------------------

RACE is an acronym formed of the four stages of a marketing framework. These stages are Reach, Act, Convert, Engage.

Each stage is its own ongoing process, but all aim to move leads down the pipeline to eventually become advocates of your business or brand.

However, there is a stage prior to any of the others: Plan.

### Plan

It’s essential that you begin your digital marketing strategy by planning and setting goals. Your strategy is liable to change the longer it is in place, and that’s a good thing, but when you’re starting out you do want to make sure your goals are SMART.

If you’ve not heard that term before, SMART is a way of setting goals for campaigns and projects that are trackable and set a foundation for success.

Each letter is SMART stands for something that can help you set these kinds of goals:

* **S**pecific
* **M**easurable
* **A**chievable
* **R**elevant
* **T**ime\-bound

### Reach

In the Reach stage, your aim will be to generate exposure for your brand, product or services using both online and offline media.

You can measure the success of your efforts by tracking the traffic generated by your campaigns to your website or social media pages.

This stage of the RACE model is hugely important when [launching a new website](https://shout.com/websites/how-to-launch-a-new-website/) or product, as early exposure will lead to a higher return on investment.

You might be stuck for ideas on how to increase your reach. Well, you can do this by utilizing your earned, paid and owned media.

##### What are earned, paid and owned media?

##### Earned media

* Reviews
* Mentions
* Social shares
* Influencers/ plugs (free)
* Guest posts
* Media coverage

##### Paid media

* Pay per click (PPC)
* Display ads
* Paid social
* Native ads
* Remarketing
* Retargeting
* Influencers/ plugs (paid)

##### Owned media

* Website
* Blog
* Social media pages
* Profiles (e.g. on review sites)

Take a look at this article from Mention for tips on[how to increase your organic reach on social media](https://mention.com/en/blog/organic-social-media-reach/).

#### Reach KPIs

* Unique visitors (to your website)
* Value per visit
* Followers (on social media)

### Act

The A in RACE stands for Act, which is short for Interact. In this stage, you’ll be creating content to generate leads for your business.

It’s all about offering something of value to prospects to encourage the start of a relationship.

Let’s get into some examples of this below:

#### Create lead magnets

[Lead magnets](https://shout.com/email-marketing/lead-magnets-and-how-they-can-grow-your-email-list/) are compelling pieces of content designed to attract the attention of potential customers. For instance:

* Webinars
* Templates
* Discounts
* E\-books

Essentially, they’re the tempting bait that encourage individuals to willingly exchange their details in return for access to the content.

#### Set up a survey funnel

[Survey funnels](https://shout.com/lead-generation/survey-funnel-101/) are a way of sending leads to personalized content that is more likely to encourage them to convert.

They work by asking prospects a series of questions about their needs or industry, and each answer helps you determine what content would provide the most value.

And the benefits here are three\-fold.

1. You learn more about your leads and what they want
2. Your leads are sent to the most relevant content to them
3. Leads are more likely to convert because of that content

If you use [survey software](https://shout.com/survey-maker/), all of this can be done automatically with features like question logic and exit page redirects.

#### Track lead signals

However, there’s more to lead generation than collecting email addresses, there are also specific interactions you can track that signal potential leads.

These are interactions like ‘viewed product’ and ‘added to basket’, which can easily be tracked in analytics tools.

#### Create “shareable” content

You also want to encourage prospects to share your content with other people. A great example of this would be a [lead capture quiz](https://shout.com/quiz-design/creating-an-effective-lead-capture-quiz/).

People naturally want to share their results with friends, which encourages others to take your quiz themselves. Which means more leads for your business.

#### Act KPIs

* Leads
* Lead conversion rate
* Time on page/ site
* Shares, comments and likes

### Convert

The Convert stage requires you to take your leads and turn them into paying customers. These could be from online transactions or offline channel purchases.

You’re likely to be chopping and changing your strategy and content in this stage, after all you can’t get it all right the first time around. So, don’t be disheartened if you don’t see the conversion rate you were hoping for immeditetly. Step back and and assess what’s working and what isn’t, then change what you can. It’s as easy as that.

An effective method for finding what works for you is to A/B test (split test) content. Make minor changes to each variation of your content/ campaign and collect as much data as possible to identify which performs best with your target audience.

For example, you could split test the same product page with varying CTAs. Take a look at our article on [writing a call\-to\-action that converts](https://shout.com/content-marketing/writing-a-call-to-action-that-converts/) for some tips on this.

Another way to approach this would be to simply ask your audience about themselves. [Create a survey](https://shout.com/survey-maker/), send it to your target audience and start to build customer profiles based on what you learn. Adopting [data\-driven marketing](https://shout.com/digital-marketing/what-is-data-driven-marketing/) strategies will go a long way in personalizing content and increasing conversion.

#### Convert KPIs

* Online and offline sales
* Revenue/ profit
* Average order value

### Engage

Everything in the Engage stage is aimed at developing a long term relationship with your customers. Essential, you want to turn first\-time buyers into loyal customers (or subscribers) who’re advocates of your brand, products or services.

Most brands engage their customers across social media platforms and through email campaigns as a minimum. You need to think of content and incentives that build customer loyalty, which will boost customer lifetimes and increase the success of your top\-level goals.

However, it’s more than engagement that can influence loyalty. You need to consider your customers’ entire experience to create long\-lasting relationships with them. Take a look at our article on [measuring and improving customer experience](https://shout.com/customer-experience/measuring-and-improving-customer-experience/) to learn more.

To track your success in this stage, you’ll want to take a look at your repeat purchases, customer retention and positive mentions of your brand on external sites (e.g. review sites).

You should also consider conducting [customer satisfaction surveys](https://shout.com/customer-satisfaction-surveys/) at least twice a year. These will give you essential feedback on what your customers like and where they feel there is room for improvement. If you’re struggling to collect enough feedback to inform action, take a look at [how to get more survey respondents](https://shout.com/survey-design/increase-survey-response-rates/).

#### Engage KPIs

* Repeat purchases
* Satisfaction and loyalty
* Advocacy

Why choose the RACE model
-------------------------

The RACE model allows you to plan your digital marketing strategy out as bitesize tasks and encourages you to set easy to track goals.

This streamlining makes identifying the strengths and weaknesses or your strategy effortless, enabling you to make changes and improve your overall strategy quickly.

It’s important to keep a record of the different changes you make to benchmark your progress and rollback your strategy if you change the wrong element.

The key thing to remember is that this isn’t a one\-stop\-shop, it’s going to take time and monitoring to see any real success from this model (as it would with any other). But the RACE framework is a simple and effective method of improving your ROI.
